What did you learn about CSS padding, borders, and margin by doing this challenge?
I learned, mainly, that there's a significant difference between all of them and that they all behave differently in the website space. Prior to DBC, I was familiar with a border and margins, without intimate knowledge, and no knowledge of padding. While doing this challenge, initially a lot of what I was doing needed manipulation of the padding property, so I started using that more liberally, until I was finally spacing the buttons on my blog/index page, and that caused all of the borders to expand into each other and look bad. I don't think I know them like the back of my hand yet, but having that experience helped solidify the box model in my mind.

What did you learn about CSS positioning?
Firstly, I learned how hard it is. This challenge was not easy for me, as I didn't really have any clear idea of the process for writing CSS at the beginning, and I'm still not anywhere near as comfortable with it as I was with HTML at the end of last week. As I've said before, this is because I'm not a very visual person, so designing this site was a really slow process to me. While the tree structure of HTML helps you to find out where you are in the outline of the page, which in turn helps you know where you want the content to go and in what order, there isn't such a structure for CSS - it's just a laundry list of styling instructions, and you quickly start learning that some CSS elements can only utilize certain properties, so you'll try to get some effect on a certain HTML tag, and after a while find out from researching on the web that what you were trying to do can't be done, and you need to use a different tag or apply the property to a different element in the nested tags. At first I was just trying to pick and choose which CSS elements and selectors I needed to use, and it was a mess, instead of just listing every HTML selector that I used systematically, in order, and just leaving it blank if I didn't need anything for that element. I've seen some forum posts arguing for different systems for ordering your CSS properties, with alphabetical being popular. I didn't try any of the systems mentioned online (except I guess random), as I was too busy trying to get each element to do what I wanted it to, playing one at a time in Chrome DevTools or just updating the CSS code and refreshing my file within Chrome. 

What aspects of your design did you find easiest to implement? What was most difficult?
The easiest things were the various font properties (color, size, family, etc), since those tend to apply at the <p> tag or much more broadly with a universal selector or <body> tag maybe. Things like background color tended to be fairly easy - Chrome Devtools makes it very easy to see where the edges of the box model fall on your page, so you know where you want to apply that property, and you only need a little bit of trial and error. Trying to get links to sit the way I would like on a page, with a black border making each look like a button, was much harder, as it was the first time I'd run into an element (that I was aware of at least) in which if I used the wrong property, it made everything look bad, as I mentioned above. I haven't even tried using background images in CSS yet as I started thinking about that at the beginning of this challenge, and immediatey wasted a few hours reading about that and different best practices. I realized I was in over my head and just tumbling down the rabbit hole, so instead I opted for solid colors for now, images to come later if I want. 

What did you learn about adding and formatting elements with CSS in this challenge?
As I mentioned in the above questions, one of the first breakthroughs that I  had was to just list every HTML tag in order in my CSS document, and then just go down the list and apply whatever styling I wanted to each, leaving an HTML tag blank in the CSS doc if I didn't need to style it at all. This made the whole process more systematic instead of having to look at my wireframe, and my HTML code, and somehow visualize which CSS elements I really needed to get my end result. I also learned fairly quickly that certain CSS elements can only use certain properties, so you'll spend some time trying to get one to work in your code only to realize that you need to apply that selector to a different tag. I also started to learn to keep the CSS as simple as possible and grow the website slowly and methodically, like how artists start a drawing of a face with just a circle, rather than trying to build the complicated and fancy website in your mind, just starting at the top and going down the page in order. 